 Our family celebrates our culture every day, but our pride shines brighter during his spiny carriage, which month. We enjoy traditions by making our home shine with fabulosso, staying fresh with Irish spring and brushing up with cold gate to bring out our confidence. At Walmart, I get the right care for my family to yoga because it all starts here. Visit Walmart. com today. For a journalist, because he has passionate connections with many fields of human knowledge. Artificial intelligence, pedagogy, neurology, psychology, psychiatric, fine literature, international politics and 1500 years of documented history. Imagine how many mysteries there are in 15 centuries, so when the country proposed to do this podcast, my only big thing was to choose the eight most initials among so many possible ones. And we started with the question that almost all conferences make me wonder why they also play women. Life in Hakeh, episode one. A silent sepulchral, tensile cargo, dominated the hall of the game of the Wimbele, where the Gedrez, the city of the Inaris, in the province Andalusia de Jain, which reunites every year to the best players in the world. For a disgrace, the economic crisis of 2008, which caused a huge damage in this commercial of the South of Spain, killed Wimbele, where the Gedrez. But many before the 23rd of February 1994, the first round was disputed when the Hungarian Yudith Polgar, the best Gedrez player in history, made his play in front of the Spanish Miguel Yeskas, pulled the clock and he lifted it to the bathroom. His surprise when he opened the door was a miracle. Inside the hands-on, the world champion, Gari Kasparov, considered for many as the best player of all time, the Russian ball of the Cousin ball, and he scored the round. This ego is very significant because Kasparov had not been evoked in the door. He entered the bathroom of ladies in the evenings, because he was used, because in his four previous participants in that super tournament, all competitors were men. Using the bathroom of women was a very comfortable game, because there was never anyone. But Yudith Polgar, the only woman who has been among the 10 best of the world, had and had run away with strength in a world of men whose freedom to urinate was so restricted. But Gedrez was not always men's thing. In the Middle age, many women practiced the noble, as it is seen, for example, in the illustrations of the magnificent book of Gedrez that the king Alfonso de Fimo el Sabio wrote in 1283, very well preserved today in the monastery of the royal family. In fact, playing Gedrez was the best excuse that a baron could lead to enter the apostles of a lady without giving a scaldal to Pablo. It is important to know that Gedrez then was the Arabian, much slower than the current, invented in Spain at the end of the 15th century. As the games were very long, those men and women had a long time for other launches and re-examples to the table tennis. The panorama changed radically from the 18th century, when the cafes, where women could not enter, became the most usual place to play Gedrez. But there were women with very naive and talented women who were able to make a place in that so masculine world. The most peculiar was the German Sonia Graf, who with the very short hair, dressed in man, smoking and drinking alcohol, was glued to the streets of Munich in the 1930s, the 20th century, and won the majority of his rivals. Despite being an infeliz, great part of his life, Graf arrived to his world champion. The champion was another impressive character, the Russian Czech Vera Mensik, nationalized British in 1937. She had no need to disperse. She simply played well, which many big tournaments organizers obtained to invite her. Her first very brilliant results in men began in 1928. And a year later, in the very hard tournament of Calzbat, which today is called Carlo Vibari, a anecdote was produced from which they did not forget. The most masculine participants gave almost to it that they would defeat Mensik because she was a woman. And one of them was even more distant. I propose the creation of the club Vera Mensik, from which it will be the part of all that she loses with her. She was the Austrian Albert Becker, who, before the general Scarney, became the first member of the club he had formed. Mensik also played the World Champion Alexander Alekine, said he was an exception for his sex and that he deserved to be in elite. For misfortune, a bomb Nazi killed Mensik during the bombings of London in 1944. For then, the GEDREF was a popular passion for the Soviet Union, equipped with the football today in almost all the countries of habla ispan. It has been 50 years ago, in the Pogéo de Zafiebre, the Soviet Union had 287 million inhabitants, 5 million federated journalists and 50 million sporadic practitioners. The children and adolescents took care of the afternoon at the GEDREF clubs or at the Pioneros Palace, centers of trans-school formations where they could choose between different disciplines such as piano, dance, theater, informatics, GEDREF and the percentage of children was important, although still minoritarium, as the great Austro-Cranian Olga Alexandrovna is not explained today. I learned to play with five years old, I taught my father and well, I liked it so much that I said that it is a place where more children play in the GEDREF. It is lucky that in a Soviet Union, it is effectively a system that, well, you could choose three-school, it is called what you want and everything was free. In a few also percentage of children and children were more children, it is not that they were more children, what happens is that the theme is that there is no there is no difference, it is said that I have been playing tournaments for five years, I have always played mixed tournaments, I played competitive with children and I was going to train for three times for weeks, Wednesdays and Wednesdays and Sundays I have always seen a tournament or something of a competition, for example, if you represented the team of the city, it was normally four boys and two girls. Among the Soviets, you have to highlight the players of the Caucasian Republic of Georgia, where the GEDREF are even more popular than the GEDREF, because from the Middle Ages, the industrial hotel of the GEDREFs included a game of GEDREF. In the 70s and 80s, more than half of the best players in the world were GEDREF. At that time, 1983 was born Anna Mandace, a preferred student of the first World Championship of the Georgia, not Naga Prindashvili. These are the most intense memories of how the GEDREF lived in Georgia. The truth is that there was a lot of official culture, a lot of GEDREF. Everyone in the world, everyone in the world, directly in the street, your stop to someone or I have found with some friend and any conversation, well, I was finishing talking about GEDREF. It was something unique. I feel very, very lucky to have been able to live all that. In 1993, when Georgia was already a independent country and Mandace had ten years, the World Cup in Bratislava was held in Slovakia. After its victories in the first three rounds, the hotel's room was not the phone number. Anna responded and said a respite because she heard the voice of the President of the Georgia government Edward Sebarnace. Mandace fulfilled the wish of his president and won the gold medal, one of the many preserves that have been hanged as a Georgian and also as a Spanish, because in 1986, he came to Menorca and he fell in love with Spain. It was to go down the plane and feel at home. I remember what mother told me. The truth is that in my Spain, everything is easy for me. I absolutely love people, I love culture, I love the way of living, I love food, I love the landscapes. For me it's something that compared to the part that I was missing and I didn't know, now I feel complete. Then we will listen to Anna again, thinking about more controversial issues. But now we must explain the most jugous part of this chapter and address the most revolutionary moment of the history of the female Gedef. We are in Tessa Lónica, Greece, where the Gedef's Olympic Olympics was celebrated in 1988. On November 12, the day of inauguration. I went in the morning at the press room and as there was not yet an Internet, I had to go through a total of fours with the alliances of all the participants. When the female Olympic arrived, I said of course that gold medal would be as always for the Soviet Union. That was not a news, but suddenly there was something that could happen. From the four jugers of Hungary, a very powerful country in algebra, three were brothers. Would it be a mistake of the organization? No, I said a colleague of mine, indeed, they were brothers. They had 12, 15 and 17 years and their trajectory was of great interest. Certainly, this is one of the most powerful stories that I have told in my 39 years of profession. To understand it well, it is very important to suspect that clearly and clearly the parents of the three Polish brothers are pedagogues of formation. When they were still novices, they had already very clear that they were going to do an educational experiment with the children they had. The goal was to show that the genes do not do but they do with education. That is, that any child or child can be a genius if they receive their own education. But I am here that there were three children and no baron and that led them to mark a second goal. Women could play the gender as well as men. During my childhood, when I was 7 or 8, I played the gender for quite a few hours in the morning. Later, something from sports and after that, I had a couple of more of the gender sessions with my teacher. In that time, I played six or seven hours a day until I had been a 10-year-old and we went up to eight hours. I was also studying but I was not a college but I was taught at home. So, of course, every year, I was able to get the examinations with my siblings. And that's how we did it with the college. As Yudit told us, his parents were educated at home with the gender as a signature. To compensate the lack of social life and do two things, open their home for the afternoon, to the children's visits and major and to make sure that they travel as much as possible from children. The environment was very competitive, even among themselves, because there were privileges that had the older sister, Susan, but not the small ones. Yudit remembers it like this. Susan was the best player when he started playing. As you were seven, the older sister played the main room that was closed. We had a small apartment, so my other sister and I had many desire to enter into that room. As the older ones, the older ones who played to the gender were a great motivation for me at that time. I would have nine years and I would take advantage of the rest to develop my sister and her teacher to take care of me and ask about gender. I would take care of my sister and then I would sneak in and I would ask some of my questions in chess. Although they passed it wrong because both the government and the federal government were looking at that with bad eyes and the Poles were even attacked by anti-Judges. The experiment was a great success, both in human aspect and deportation. Susan, Sofia and Yudit are mother of family, polyglotas, very cults and transmit the feeling of being reasonably happy. Susan was the champion of the feminine world. Sofia managed to result very brilliantly in front of men until the 19 years when he said that the professional gender was not the sun. Yudit arrived to be the eighth of the world in the absolute list, what motivated that the Indian Viswanathan Anand, the world champion, said Yudit is one of us. Confirming the full integration of the hunger between the masculine elite. The logical deduction is that if all the children of the world were educated as the world's best agedracists, there would be many women. Today, in the 21st century, the gender has a more masculine label in most of the countries. The girls are for girls and the gender for children. The Colombian Adriana Salazar applies the education and innovator theory of the University of Harvard at the agedrev in its pre-school centers of Bogota since 30 years ago. For his students of three to five years, the agedrev, combined with the music and dance in the gigante of the south, is something daily. The important thing about this process is that more than the genders, what we are leaving marked in the children and in the children is that thinking is an act of all, it is an act of humanity and not of a specific gender. Through the genders we develop the thought and social skills and values. So, it deserves the only thing that brings a millionaire, as is the agedrev, we teach from the time, the respect and the price and the ideas of others. And understanding it is for everyone that when we unite all the potential of men, women, children, children, and all the people of the world, it is a propitious scenario for global progress. However, the subject is not as clear, although it seems to be. In his book, the female celebrity, the psychiatrist of the Louis-Brizzan-Din has the case of a friend who was taught to be exactly the same as his daughter and his son. One day, when the girl had three years and a half, she was looking for a change. The explanation is in the genetic instinct of the girl or in the influence of television, other children, family, etc. Now, let's go to the Scandinavian countries, which are among the most advanced in the world, in the same age as in the ages of time. But there are many more men than women in the sciences races. And they have only produced a very brilliant agedrevist, the Pia Crambling, who, at the 59th, is an extraordinary case of longevity in the elite. I enjoy playing a lot, I love to compete. Of course, there are advantages. The memory is not the same, the calculations are not the same, the energy is low, but there are also advantages. The final day, which is the most important, because I am more than them. The most easy and easy decisions, because what I am doing is when I play a agedrevist. All these paradoxes take us to ask how big are the differences between the male and female celebrities. We know that they are different due to various biological factors, for example, hormonal differences. But scientific studies are contradictory about if these differences are important. Some seem less and little impact on cerebral function. However, other studies suggest important differences in the functioning of neuronal circuits. In addition, they have observed different sex differences in the manifestation of numerous diseases that affect the brain. In the expected most deep studies, perhaps it is evident that the differences are larger or smaller, according to what aspects of the nervous system are examined. To complicate or feed a more debate, in the agedrev there is a female category and another mix. Spain is one of the few countries where the female national championship has been abolished. The female national championship is the best classified female in the national championship. But almost all countries in the world can choose if they play only with women or especially with men. And the vast majority plays more games against women than against men. Sabrina Vega, or the Spanish champion, helps us understand this revised subject. In the end of the GDRC1 I think it is a question of expressing it to the girls in that sense. The pleasure to find the maximum in the retirement of the board, to find that beauty and elegance that is behind the 64 Casillas, even though it is the partner that feels in front of them. In that sense, the promotion of Spain is mixed. I think it is a true, I think it is a true, to show the girls the values of the GDRC in those first stages, which is the coexistence and personal challenge. We are starting from a few years ago, a beautiful stage of visibility of female referents, of that impulse, we have noticed it. The female percentage, the international and national level increased. The level of play, the strength of the game also increased. We are giving birds, but still today we are very few, and the ones that we fight for the illusion, for female changes, being separated in a separate way, still not reached a recognition and a, as I said, that illusion. In the series Gambito de Dama, the most seen in his genre of all the producers, until now by Netflix, the protagonist, Bezharmon, derrota almost all men with whom he faces, and reaches even to the end of the world championship absolutely. In reality, the most minimal indication that that could happen in the next 10 years. To know if the cause of this tremendous inequality between men and women in the GDRC, is genetic or educational, the men must achieve at least one of these two things. That equality is absolutely in the whole world, or that the differences between women and men can be determined. What happened before? The life in Hake, history of GDRC, is a podcast of the audio country, written and narrated by me, Leon Chogarcia, produced by José Juan Morales, edited by Ana Rivera, recorded by Nicolas Chabertidis, with a sonoro design, of Natzotavoada and Silvia Cruz La Peña. You can lose the tag of the presentation with live performances, the record sales, the fishermen of Rio Conchos, Luis Aguel Taco, the two of the S and Más, the free entrance, you can open at 1pm on October 15, you can't lose the tag of Houston 2024, with an image of the exterior of the escape, signed by Welfare, you can't lose it, come to celebration. 